=head1 Rationale

At the time of writing, there were 44 form modules on CPAN (in the first 100 pages of
L<http://search.cpan.org> results when searching for 'C<form>'.

Why would any sane person want to write another?

Clearly the answer is that we aren't at all sane...

=over

=item Form::Processor

State.

=item Form::Sensible

State.

=item HTML::FormHandler

State.

=item HTML::FormFu

Satte. YAML.

=item Data::FormValidator

Horrible API, limited. Gets state right however!

=item Class::MetaForm

Mangles empty strings. One validation error only.

=item CGI::Form

Tied to CGI

=item Rose::HTML::Form

Tied to Rose

=item Mango::Form

Unmaintained, just a wrapper on CGI::FormBuilder and FormValidator::Simple. YAML

=item Form::Factory

Tied to CGI. Look more

=item JQuery::Form

Tied to HTML. Requires Javascript

=item Embperl::Form

Renderer only

=item Spark::Form

State

=item HTML::Form

HTML Parser

=item Contentment::Form

Too closely coupled to HTML. Rendering and form tied together. Look more.

=item XHTML::Instramented::Form

Renderer only

=item Oak::Web::HTML::Form

Renderer only

=item Class::DBI::Form

Tied to CDBI

=item HTML::StickyForm

Tied to CGI API. To closely coupled. Mostly a renderer

=item Jifty::Web::Form

Tied to Jifty

=item CGI::FormBuilder

State.

=item CGI::AutoForm

Tied to HTML, CGI and DBI

=item HTML::FormTemplate

=item Form::Maker

=item CGI::Validate

=item HTML::FormEngine::DBSQL

=item CGI::Formalware

=item HTML::TurboForm

=item CGI_Lite

=item HTML::FormWizard

=item HTML::Formulate

=item DBIx::AsForm

=item Tripletail::Form

=item Class::DBI::AsForm

=item HTML::FormWidgets

=item HTML::FormValidator

=item Apache::Wyrd::Form

=item ASP4::FormHandler

=item FormValidator-Nested

=item HTML::FormEngine

=item HTML::Widget

=back

=cut
